To whoever's reading this, you you
probably don't know who I am,
but
I'm sorry for what I've done to you.
This will probably never make it to the
public, but my guilt is eating away at
me, and I feel like I'm all out of
options.
The least I could do is get this out
there so that maybe
hopefully
someone reads this and more unlikely
takes this seriously.
That way I'm not one of the few who know
just how bad we messed up and what we've
done to the world.
I'm sure this will read like some nut
jobs manifesto, but please hear me out.
I think I've helped link our world to
something else out there. And
if humanity isn't careful, we're going
to open a door and invite something to
Earth that I'm pretty sure will end us
in the blink of an eye.
I I know that's a lot. So,
let me backtrack.
I was an archaeologist and a damn fine
one if I do say so myself. I specialized
in decoding ancient writing. I probably
helped with translating most of the more
popular ancient texts out there from
Sumerian to Greek to Egyptian. So when I
get a call from a small specialized team
off in Egypt about wanting some text
translated on a door in a recently
uncovered tomb, I don't bat an eye and I
just book it to the next flight. They
keep a diary of my findings. I keep it
hidden. So, the guys that got me
quarantined haven't taken it.
It's funny, you know, I
I can read the words.
I I understand what they mean
individually, but I can't piece together
my own writing. It's like
it's like my mind immediately forgets
whatever it is that I read.
It's got to be an effect of the tomb.
But in any case, I've decided to
painstakingly word by word transcribe my
diary here.
Hopefully, you can make sense of it.
Day one.
You'd think that after spending days in
sandswept dunes or remote ancient
locations, you get tired of it. But but
here I am writing from a tent just
outside of a recently excavated tomb
they found here in Gilkabir.
I'll admit I'm a little apprehensive.
While the door to the tomb is
fascinating, I'll get to that in a
minute. I don't know how anyone would
have found this thing in the first
place.
There was no tomb marker, no statues,
absolutely nothing built into or around
this plateau that would indicate a tomb
was hidden here.
If these guys weren't using some of the
latest seismic tools to map out the
land, there's no telling how much longer
this thing would have stayed buried. I
mean, I can understand too their
eagerness to excavate and unearth this
find. It's rare to get to see an
untouched tomb nowadays, especially one
so isolated from any others in the map.
Makes me wonder if there's a whole cache
of hidden tombs just waiting to be
uncovered
to share their history.
It's exciting. So, back to the door.
It's massive.
Two
20 foot or so slabs of deep black
granite. That's my guess anyway from
what they've uncovered so far. They're
still whittling away at the rock
surrounding it. But the glimpses I see
are still incredible nonetheless. It
goes without saying, but I'm most
fascinated by the writing on the doors.
Every single inch of the stone uncovered
so far has dense lines of script like
the Rosetta Stone. It's weathered to all
hell, but I can identify some
hieroglyphics as well as ancient Greek.
I can't make out full sentences yet, but
from what I got so far, I can see
something about a key or an origin of
some sort and something about riches.
The guys uh seemed to work a little
faster after I plucked that word.
In any case,
we got a lot of work ahead of us, but
it seems promising.
Day five. It's been steady going, but
we've been making progress on getting
this door uncovered. Rick Wilson, the
man leading this whole expedition, is a
fair enough guy, making sure no one
overworks themselves in this heat.
Rick's picked a great team here between
Jimmy, Susan, Frank, Jade, and myself. I
can't think of a better team of cracking
the secret of this tomb. I think we're
all just excited to see what's on the
other side. The only bad news so far is
that years and years under soil,
it hasn't treated these slabs well. I'm
having difficulty translating the full
message transcribed. My best guess on
what the writing on the door says is the
key to nothing is resting here. Wealth
there is none.
Forgetting is a gift.
Warnings are written all the time on
tombs, often warning about curses or
traps, but I haven't read one like this
before.
At our continued rate, we should have
this door ready to go in a few days or
so, weather permitting.
Day eight.
Today's the day. We got enough of the
door uncovered to be able to open it.
Seeing this jet black set of doors
nested into the rock really is quite
imposing. The warning over and over
inlaid in the door doesn't help either.
Still this. This isn't my first rodeo.
So once we find a way to get these doors
open, I'll report back later on what we
have uncovered. Rick,
wait.
I I already wrote this.
I never updated on what we found. Um,
come to think of it,
I'm I'm drawing a blank on yesterday. I
remember writing in my journal. We set
up the equipment to force the doors open
and
nothing.
Looking out of my tent right now, the
doors remain closed.
I need to investigate.
So, I just spoke to Rick, and he's also
a bit confused. When I asked him how
long we've been out here, he also
thought it was still day eight. I showed
him my phone's date. He seemed as
puzzled as I was. We gathered everyone
up, and sure enough, it's like an entire
day was taken away from all of us. None
of us remembered what happened when we
forced the doors opened, or why it's
back to being closed.
I'd like to contribute it to the
sweltering heat, but I know that's not
true.
Something's wrong.
Rick paused all further attempts until
we figure out what's going on.
I'm going to go back through my notes to
see if I missed anything on the
translations. Between the five of us,
someone's got to remember something.
Day 10.
I don't know who Frank is.
I wrote about him on day five, but I I
have no idea why I wrote that.
I've asked the whole camp. They assume
that it's always just been us five, not
six.
Everyone's drawing a collective blank on
what happened the day we tried to open
the tomb. Everything in our brains tells
us it's stupid to try again. But at the
same time, when we sit in silence
checking our gear, the collective desire
to try again is
palpable.
This isn't a group so easily willing to
give up. Rick seems to be in the same
boat and saying that we'll try again
tomorrow.
Something keeps bothering me.
Everyone assures me that it's always
been us five. Oh, why then did we set up
an extra empty cot? What? Why do we have
a bunch of extra supplies? And those
supplies, why is there a photograph of a
woman and her child that no one else
recognizes?
I don't I don't think anyone wants to
actually sit down and think about this.
Day 11.
Well, take two for the tomb today. I
didn't want to wait until the day was
over to begin writing. I'll chronicle as
we go today. It's a little before dawn
and we've set up our supplies ready to
get into the tomb. Rick had brought a
very interesting new piece of
technology, one I haven't seen before. A
crate of self-navigational micro drones.
According to Rick, these things can
safely fly into an unknown space. And
through a bit of 3D mapping
capabilities, fully map the inside of a
tomb in a matter of minutes. A part of
me feels like it it takes a little bit
of the fun out of exploring a place that
man hasn't set foot in for years. But I
also recognize just how dangerous these
places are. It looks like the team's
getting ready to crack the door open and
set the drones in. Once we have a good
idea of what's in there, we'll head in.
The drones took an hour to map the area.
Rick seemed concerned slightly,
explained to me that he's never seen
them take this long. When we opened up
the laptop to look at the scanned area,
to say that we to say that we were
stunned is um that's an understatement.
This place is huge. If we were on an
island off of Greece, I would have sworn
this was the very maze that home the
Minotaur in the mitt.
The sheer time it would have taken to
carve out the winding tunnels with
multiple dead ends back hundreds of
years ago is comparable to the pyramids
hundreds of miles away.
We're expecting a long trek in there,
but at least we have a clear path to the
central chamber. With luck, I'll update
later today on our findings. The energy
of the group is a little strange.
There's I mean there's excitement for
sure, but
I can't get my translation out of my
head.
Forgetting
is a gift.
It doesn't make sense.
None of it does. Tomb, it's empty. I
mean, it's kind of empty.
So, right after my last update, we went
inside the tomb and immediately entering
the solid black granite was much cooler
than the outside Egypt heat. We used the
map that the drones created and followed
the winding path deeper inside. The only
noise audible was the sound of our own
footsteps against the solid stone. It
really did feel like we were the first
ones in there, though. The main room
also showed no signs of anyone else
before us. Or maybe maybe they just
didn't leave a trace.
I mean, it was a large room that seemed
like it should be filled with priceless
artifacts,
but there was nothing except for the
coffin.
This goes against most Egyptian burials.
They they believe that you brought your
possessions with you to the afterlife.
Why were there none in this room? I
mean, at first, we thought that we had
found the tomb of someone infamous,
someone who did something so horrible
the Egyptians wanted to forget about
them. But
opening the sarcophagus led to only more
questions.
It was empty.
I still don't think anyone got to it
before us, as it took us a lot of effort
to pry open the lid to the strange
sarcophagus seated in the dead center of
the room. It too was made of a similar
material to the doors and the walls. It
was solid black granite.
It wasn't carved into a person's visage
like most sarcophagi, but instead
covered in writing. I took plenty of
photos, which I plan to review for
translation soon. And once we got the
lid open and peered inside, however, we
were greeted
with nothing.
An empty black coffin.
We searched the inside looking for a
lever, a switch, writing, something. He
was empty. The smooth, solid black of
granite almost made it look like we were
peering into an empty void.
My conclusion,
I think this was a tomb that never got
filled. Something went wrong and whoever
was supposed to be buried here wasn't.
Clearly, it was someone not liked. So,
they went ahead and probably dropped him
in a ditch, called it a day. While a
part of me is a little disappointed,
this was still an interesting find. even
if it's due to the irregularity of the
tomb. Some of the others want to scope
out some of the other dead ends to see
if anything was missed before we wrap it
up here and report our findings. I mean,
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious
to take another peek in there myself.
Day 12.
I couldn't sleep last night.
Just as I felt like I was finally dozing
off, it sounded like someone was
mumbling or whispering in their sleep.
I didn't recognize whose voice it was.
And even when my eyes adjusted
to the darkness of the tent, I couldn't
see anyone's lips moving.
Despite this, I've been making solid
progress on my translation. A lot of it
seemed to repeat the warning on the
door. Some of the new stuff talks about
a voice translated to your voice.
Could also be my voice. It's tough to
discern the context.
I'll keep working on it.
I think it may not have just been me who
didn't get much sleep last night.
Everyone's acting a little weird this
morning. I saw Jade push Jimmy is he was
bent over looking at our supplies. Then
naturally Jimmy was pissed. What's weird
though is that Jade was immediately
apologetic, claiming she just had the
urge to do it. It wasn't just her,
though. I watched Rick purposely bend
the antenna to one of the handheld
radios we have, only to then try to fix
it, cursing under his breath. I'm
I'm not sure what's going on.
It happened to me, too. I was eating
lunch and I just poured out my water. I
don't know why it it was like I had the
thought to do it and I I really wanted
to. So, I did. I didn't I didn't do it
involuntarily. At least I I don't think
I did. I just chose to act on that
thought with how fast it came and went,
though. It honestly felt like it wasn't
even my own thought.
I'm not sure what's gotten into me.
Something's
wrong with us. Susan came out of the
tomb frantic. Her and Jimmy just went
into the cave a half hour ago. Jimmy
wasn't with her when she came out. Susan
told us that Jimmy jumped.
They were checking out some of the other
branch paths. They came across a pit.
And she said they both stared at it for
some time before he just leapt like he
was diving into a swimming pool. she
said. We were ready to head in and see
what we could do to get him out. But she
made it clear that after a few moments
of silence.
She heard him land.
Then silence returned.
Rex made it clear no one's going back
into the tomb. And he called the
institution funding our dig to get us a
ride out of the desert. While we wait
for a ride to show up in the next few
days, I'm going to try to translate more
of this sarcophagus, mostly to to keep
my mind off of what's happening. But
piece of me also feels like this is
this is important.
There's something we missed.
Day 13.
What did we let out?
I couldn't sleep last night, so at some
point I must have scribbled what I wrote
earlier. I'd be lying if I said I I
remember writing that, though. I think
it's just it's what I'm secretly afraid
of that that was a sealed coffin. I'm
not really superstitious, but what if we
were cursed? Like I feel ridiculous
writing that, but things have been
they've only been getting worse.
I keep getting strange little urges.
Light all of our matches. Rip a hole in
our tent. Draw a deep line in the sand
with my foot. As as fast as they arrive,
they leave. But it's tough to act
against them. I can see everyone on
edge. They they must be dealing with the
same thing.
I need to deal with my translations
today.
This this might prove to be the
distraction I need.
He will be your voice,
but your actions
will be his.
Everyone will be the key
to the coming nothing.
Who is he? What?
What did we let out?
Nothing.
Nothing is coming. Is nothing a thing or
a state that we'll reach? I'm
I'm going to keep this to myself. I
don't want the rest of the crew freaking
out. This doesn't sit right though. He
will have my voice, but my actions will
be his. Is Is this what we're all
experiencing? What's going on?
Who is in my head?
Whatever I wrote ends there.
I can't remember much from our time by
the tomb. Only bits and pieces. I can
remember the tomb itself. I remember we
opened it. My solid memory kicks up
right when we were being driven back.
The driver kept asking us if there were
more people, but we were sure that there
were only the four of us. He seemed to
hesitate on that information. But if if
I'm being honest, the guy was a little
weird anyways, driving us back to the
base of operations, kept swerving the
car back and forth just for the the fun
of it. Seemed everyone's been acting
weird around us. It's subtle, but I've
seen a guy impulsively kick over a
waistband. Another guy just he bit his
cheek hard enough to to bleed a little.
Didn't take long for a few guys in suits
to step in, ask us about what we
remember down in the tomb. They've had
us in quarantine for some time now, but
I think whatever they're trying to
quarantine, it's it's far too late.
I've heard them use the term intrusive
thoughts in the passing and I think
that's the best way to describe what
I've been feeling these these thoughts
that I have. I wish I knew what to say.
If if this ever gets out there to to
whoever is reading this, please. You
can't listen to that voice when it
calls. I don't know what that voice is,
what it's inching us towards with these
little actions. But if a butterfly
flapping its wings can cause a typhoon
on the other side of the globe,
I shuddered to think what the small
actions of the entire world might be
leading to.
I don't know where I heard this advice
from, but I feel like it fits the
situation.
Just just forget about those thoughts.
Don't let your mind dwell on them.
Sometimes
forgetting
is a gift.
[Music]
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. And as always, I
want to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. You guys
have been there when I'm struggling like
I have over the past year and it
sincerely helps me stay alive. So, thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as acid system,
ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Panimmonium, Caluna, Chain Smoker Deer,
Chicago Hitman, Cory Kension, Cronut 58,
Crusader Choco, Curse Pox, Primark,
Dakota Best, Dgo Pollson, Dante
Concincaid, Dina Krauss, Ellie Hutmire,
Enchanted Buns, Estamine, Gemma Holly,
Hades Nephew, Kimbo Jerry, Hour Minute
Seconds Time, Jay Kees, Jennis Pet,
Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr. Marcus
Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful Buddha,
Psychomel, Red Shadow Cat, Remember the
Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise, Samine,
Selude, Simba's Buddy Mojo, Sky Harbor,
Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man, Ty Sue, The
Chavez Brothers. Thank you so much. And
honestly, thank you to everybody, even
those guys that are in there for just
$1. It really helps me out. Once again,
that's patreon.com/mrcrevya.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. And sweet dreams.
[Music]